chore(readme): add info on linting other file types (#1188)
AtomLinter/linter-eslint: README.md

for you. If you are using an alternative `linter-*` consumer feel free
to disable the `linter` package.

> > **Important!** If you wish to lint other files besides JavaScript files (f.e. `.js`), you need to add them to `List of scopes to run ESLint on` option in linter-eslint settings. For example, to lint TypeScript files, you'll need to add `source.ts` to the list.

Reviewer: Definitely do *not* think this qualifies for a bold "Important". This is intended for ESLint, which is in turn intended for JavaScript. Other languages are sort of an edge case. (Typescript has its own linter.)

> > **Important!** If you wish to lint other files besides JavaScript files (f.e. `.js`), you need to add them to `List of scopes to run ESLint on` option in linter-eslint settings. For example, to lint TypeScript files, you'll need to add `source.ts` to the list.

Reviewer: This should go in A Note About Settings, not in Installation.

> > **Important!** If you wish to lint other files besides JavaScript files (f.e. `.js`), you need to add them to `List of scopes to run ESLint on` option in linter-eslint settings. For example, to lint TypeScript files, you'll need to add `source.ts` to the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Important!** If you wish to lint files besides JavaScript, you'll need to add them to the `List of scopes to run ESLint on` option in `linter-eslint`'s settings. For example, to lint TypeScript files, you'll need to add `source.ts` to the list.
```

> > **Important!** If you wish to lint other files besides JavaScript files (f.e. `.js`), you need to add them to `List of scopes to run ESLint on` option in linter-eslint settings. For example, to lint TypeScript files, you'll need to add `source.ts` to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to lint files in JavaScript-derivative languages (like Typescript, Flow) with ESLint, you must add the scope name for that grammar to the `List of scopes to run ESLint on` option in `linter-eslint Settings`. For example, to lint TypeScript files, add `source.ts` to the list.
```
